again thank you for watching i'm back
with another video here this time
showcasing the PlayStation Vita's
cameras front and back as well as the AR
function finally have a game that has
the AR function so I will be happy to
show that off to you guys let's get
right into it if you didn't know the
PlayStation Vita has two cameras there's
one on the front here kind of up above
the the square and to the left of the
triangle button on the front and then it
has one on the back here right at the
top in the middle above the the back
touchpad there the cameras quality is
it's not amazing it's very similar to an
ipad 2 where you can tell that the
cameras were kind of put on there you
know to to do video conference chat
things like that which actually haven't
been added yet Skype is working on an
app for the veto but it hasn't been
released yet so I can't show you that
but first i'll go ahead and show you the
photos app i think i might have shown
shown it off in a prior video but i saw
a lot of people asking about it so we'll
get into this app here if you boot it up
you have a few buttons here this top one
if you hit it will obtain location data
if you don't have a 3g Vita mine is 3g
but if you don't have a 3g vita you can
try and obtain a signal through Wi-Fi it
however will be very very approximate it
won't be very very exact this button
here just changes between the front and
the back cameras so there's the front
there's the back on this button here
just kind of changes changes the framing
of your picture so there we go it's a
full frame that's a little dark I'm not
sure how well you can see that there but
yeah it basically just just changes the
framing of the picture there and yeah
this button here takes the picture so
this is a very simple simple app just to
take take pictures so for example there
we go you can see the iphone camera
hanging off the side of my table there
take a picture and it saves it and then
you can view the pictures in here if you
can see the quality there of course i'm
in a slightly dark room but you can tell
it's not amazing I don't even think
these qualifiers you know 11 megapixel
cameras
similar to the iPads I think there's
somewhere around 0.5 to 0.8 technically
a high-definition camera because it can
do 720p as far as as far as I know but
but nothing nothing to write home about
you wouldn't be taking this out and
using it as your main source of taking
pictures again these these cameras are
basically on here as a means of doing
like video chat and things like that
once that's released seems like every
device that they put out these days um
you know they feel the need to put
cameras on there because otherwise
people just complain about it so yeah
that's mostly that's mostly the camera
app there I thought there was a method
to take videos in here but there
actually is not so as of right now there
is no method of taking videos on a Vita
at all just so you know it's something
that could easily add in the future I'm
surprised it's not in this app itself so
yeah we'll see if that gets added in the
future um you know obviously when the
skype app comes and things like that
there will be a lot more uses for both
of the cameras why don't now we get into
something a little bit cooler I'll show
off the AR mode i recently bought mingle
6 mean n evolved 6 also known as hot
shots golf in the States on this game
has a built-in AR function so that you
can use the cameras for AR the back
camera of course that is so I'm going to
show that off a little bit I'm going to
have to pick up my cell phone it might
be a little shaky again I don't have a
tripod or anything like that but just
bear with me it should be should be
alright so will boot into the game here
give you a little bit of volume so you
can hear it
and to consider the AR and mingle all
you do is pop into the game going to
data at the very bottom we're going to
go into profile so basically the AR is
allowing you to project characters you
know I'll show you what that means in
just a sec but we have a choice I've got
six right now and a few more that aren't
unlocked I will just go with Eunice
she's the base character here so this is
what unit looks like so anyway in here
it's not just for a are you can just you
know show you know off Japanese people
learn to this kind of stuff but if we
press the triangle button we will be
actually be able to project Yuna onto
something so first I'm going to go ahead
and project Yuna onto my desk so all
right so you'll see I put them in Gaul
case here on the disk straighten it out
a little bit um you don't need the
mingol case at all you just need
something that's static and not going to
move obviously my desk is white so it
wouldn't work perfectly here we go so
obviously tells you make sure you do
this in a bright room use something
static don't try and project characters
on to your cats I probably won't work
very well so here we go you Center it
now make sure you're on something that's
not really moving and press circle and
there we go we now have yuna she's
projecting a shadow as you can see there
I can move the Vita to move around Yuna
we can go on top things like that and
then you can do have her do things like
show us her shot here of course we can
back out there we go I'm going to move
over here to the good there we go ah
show her basically yeah so now we can
back out even more and yeah we have y
una dancing around on my desk so you
know that's basically what the AR
function isn't here
so pretty cool so now let's try
something a little bit more ambitious
all right why don't we try and project
Yoona onto my neighbor's house so open
my window here that's going to be a
little brighter out here so it might be
a little hard to see but it should be
okay so here's my neighbor's roof so
let's take the Vita here and again let's
pop into AR mode with yuna there we go
line it up on the house and look at that
we have y una standing on my neighbor's
house and again we can go around if I
back out too far she will disappear um
but you can see we can go all the way
down all the way up there you go
Godzilla Yoona and again for me it's
really easy to see this on the video
screen obviously I'm getting some light
reflection here because my room is
slightly dark and it's very sunny
outside so I realize you can see my
phone in the middle there um but the
Vita does do very well on the Sun so
it's very nice there we go so yeah very
interesting i was having fun with this
earlier today but yeah I think that's
about it as always if you have any
questions about this please feel free to
let me know in the comments below will
be interesting to see what games in the
future include these AR functions I
appreciate my neighbor having a nice
nice roof here right outside my window
to to project huge huge Godzilla people
onto so anyway as always thank you very
much for watching I always appreciate
all the people who watch my videos and
again if you have comments or questions
feel free to tweet me at Kyle 22 all
spelled out on Twitter or go ahead and
comment below on YouTube again thanks
for watching keep looking back for new
video
hope you have a good one